Reconnaissance - learning as much as you can without getting caught.

What we try to find out during recon
	- What OS is the target running?
		- Which version of this OS?
	- What web server are they running?
	- General office/business info, who are officers, locations, etc..
	- What kind of ports are open on this machine?
	- run dnslookup, whois, etc.. to find out how the website is hosted
		and find details of underlying network infrastructure

Once you have some basic information about your target, then you start
to research specific vulnerabilities that may be possible for the scenario.

Why do we do recon?
	Understand the security posture
		Helps you to figure out what you're up against, what kind of attacks
		will work, which won't work, etc.. Is this the kind of system that 
		doesn't have the most up
	Reduce the attack area
		Figure out how large of an attack vector you could be working with.
		Usually the entire domain is not your target, you want to hone this
		down into something focusable and manageable. Knowing the whole
		network will allow you to chose your target
	Build information database
		Keep a record of all the information that you find during this step
	Layout a network map
		Make an actual map of the network. You can draw your own manually if
		you want, and there are also tools to help you do this.

Types of Recon
	Passive
		Being able to use public available sources to gather as much
		information as possible. 
		Gather IPs, OS's, software versions, open ports, access control points
	Active
		Talking to employees in the company, actually going there and poking
		around on their network.
	Anonymous
		Any kind of reconnaissance you do while remaining anonymous. Just
		make sure that whatever you do, your actions can't be traced back and
		matched with an identity (you).
	Organization/Private
		Gathering information about a specific company, office, organization.
		This could mean finding the internal calendar, peoples' birthdays, 
		job titles and names of employees.
	Pseudonymous
		Collecting information that is published but not in direct relation
		to your target or not sanctioned by the organization themselves.

Goals of Recon
	Network Information
		Domain names
		Internal domains
		IP addresses - which range, VPN?
		Private websites (dev sites, login portals, testing sites)
		TCP/UDP services and ports
		IDS/Access Controls
		VPN info
		Phone numbers (and VoIP)
		User and group names, name schema
		Routing Tables
		SNMP
		System Architecture
		Remote systems
		System Names - usually tells you a lot
		Password complexity requirements
	Organizational Information
		Organization Website
		Company Directory
		Employee Details
		Location details - recent move? high physical security?
		Addresses and phone numbers - social engineering
		Comments in source code
		Background of organization
		Partner Companies - link of trust here
		News & Press releases about the company
